
Conversation opened. 1 read message.

Skip to content
Using Gmail with screen readers
1 of 122
Provisional Ceremony Booking - PLEASE DO NOT REPLY
Inbox
leicestershire@registrationservice.online
	
30 Jun 2023, 09:10 (1 day ago)
	
to me
156  Robert BAPTIE
jONALYN Dolendo

PROVISIONAL CEREMONY BOOKING

THIS IS A CONFIRMATION EMAIL ONLY.  PLEASE DO NOT REPLY AS THIS IS AN UNANSWERED MAILBOX.  IF YOU HAVE A QUERY WITH YOUR BOOKING, PLEASE CALL 01163056565.

We confirm that a provisional ceremony has been booked at REGISTER OFFICE, GLENFIELD on Tuesday 13 February 2024 at 10:30. 
Your ceremony will remain provisional until you have given notice of your intent. The earliest your notice can be given is 12 months before your ceremony date.  If we have not received your notices at least 4 months before your proposed ceremony date, your provisional booking will be cancelled, unless you contact us to advise why.
If your booking is made less than 4 months before your ceremony date, you will need to confirm when you expect to give your notices straight away.

If you live in the County of Leicestershire you must telephone this office on 0116 305 6565 and press option 2 to make the appointment to give notice, this can be in any of our seven offices.
If you live in the city of Leicester please telephone 0116 4541000 to make an appointment to attend the Leicester Register Office, Town Hall, Town Hall Square, Leicester, LE1 9BG.
If you live elsewhere please ring your local Register Office.

YOUR BOOKING IS NOT FIRM UNTIL YOU HAVE GIVEN YOUR NOTICES OF MARRIAGE.  Written confirmation of your ceremony booking, stating the appropriate fee (available to view on our website), will be sent once we have been notified that you have both given your legal notices.  The minimum waiting period between giving notice and being able to have your ceremony is 28 days but please be aware that if one or both parties are foreign nationals, this could be extended to 70 days.  It is not recommended that you wait to give notice until the last minute.

Please take a copy of this email with you to your notice appointment and show it to the registrar.  The venue for your wedding must be correct.  The venue you have booked is in the first paragraph of this email.

For ceremonies at the Register Office, Glenfield, the room seats 8 (including the couple and the registrars) and is called the "Leicestershire Register Office, Glenfield".  Our large room is called "Anstey Frith House" and seats a total of 80 (including the couple).

Please note, if you are planning for your ceremony to take place outside at an Approved Venue that has been agreed by the Superintendent Registrar, once you have both given your legal notices, you will be sent an outside ceremony agreement for completion. Please note that outdoor ceremonies do not apply at our Registration Offices. Please take the time to read our terms & conditions at www.celebrateinleicestershire.co.uk  where you will find more information regarding this.

Please do not reply to this e mail address as it is an unanswered mailbox. If you have any queries regarding this appointment you must telephone 0116 305 6565 and press option 2.

For photos of our ceremony rooms and to get advice planning your day, please visit:

http://www.celebrateinleicestershire.co.uk/

You must read our terms and conditions at the above web address as soon as possible.  These terms and conditions are accepted by you as a couple.

PLEASE NOTE ONLY ASSISTANCE ANIMALS ARE ALLOWED INTO YOUR CEREMONY.


	
